air because doing I believe a gesture of
courage but also of dignity I said
that if I lose the referendum it is not
they just go home but they stop
doing politics but what the fuck about me
I say in front of everyone and I will say it for
always
I am even tired and I find it
humiliating
I even got tired of saying that not
I intend to favor no alliance either
agreement with the five stars
I defeated them twice for a government
with them they learned to defeat them that
he accuses of this, not the other way around
what the fuck are you saying with the party
I don't want to have anything to do with the bible
do with the party that in Emilia Romagna
took children away from families with
the electroshock to sell them I don't
I want to have nothing to do but has
kicked I personally said it did not
i have with the prospect of working for
my new government experience
experience the term government with this
also head ii
but I believe it is really a time with the
maximum respect I believe I replied
to this question or maybe a million
times
then to be even clearer i
days when the 5 moment stood not
will it ever happen you were to ally with the
parties responsible for selection
of Italy I would leave movement 5
stars what the fuck are you talking about man
and there are those who seem to have remained a [__]
so-called bravo